(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Hey guys, Erin Elizabeth HealthNut News.
I was just going to Gold's gym to
work out when I saw the story about
this woman being banned or kicked out of
Gold's gym for being upset because she was
naked and had a man staring at her
in the locker room.
And she said, sir, you know, what are
you doing?
And Gold's kicked her out, even though he
swore at her and verbally abused her and
was staring at her naked because Gold's always
sides with these men who like to pretend
to dress up like girls and go into
our restrooms.
The Beverly Center, where the Gold's is located,
was my old gym when I lived in
L.A. a decade before I got smart
and moved to Florida.
Now Gold's is my gym here.
I will be canceling today.
I may be in their live recording.
I don't know yet.
We'll see.
But I want to let you know immediately
that I will not stand for some disgusting
place like that that bans the woman, the
poor woman who's naked in the shower and
has some guy, you know, totally staring her
down, looking at her, watching her.
She said look like a guy.
But because Gold's allows these men to go
in there and say, oh, I identify as
a woman, this shit is going on and
it's going to stop.
And I would like you to boycott Gold's
gym with me.
And I would like to encourage all of
you, if you would like to join me
in a boycott against Gold's, it's easy.
You probably have to go in.
I'm going to find out here in a
minute.
Cancel your membership and you can join another
gym, not Planet Fitness or shitness, as I
call them, because they've done the same thing.
They banned a woman in Alaska for a
similar story.
But you can find good local gyms that
support actual women and don't let men go
in there.
And also there's a man arrested, similar circumstance
at Planet Fitness for, you know, what he
was doing to himself while watching women peeping
in there, which is allowed, I guess.
I mean, not that that part isn't allowed,
but men that pretend to be women are
allowed.
And then those kind of things happen.
So Planet Fitness, Gold's, please, would you join
me in boycotting these today and join another
gym that does not stand for this kind
of crap and actually cares about women?
Thank you.